Prepare release 1.0 (#12)
qbic-pipelines/cellranger: README.md

    <!-- TODO nf-core: Update the example "typical command" below used to run the pipeline -->

    ```bash
    nextflow run qbic-pipelines/cellranger -profile <docker/singularity/podman/conda/institute> --input 'samplesheet.tsv' --genome GRCh38
    ```

> See [usage docs](https://nf-co.re/qbic-pipelines-cellranger/usage) for all of the available options when running the pipeline.

Author: ```suggestion
See [usage docs](./docs/usage.md) for all of the available options when running the pipeline.
```

    ENV CELLRANGER_VER <VERSION>
    ```

4. Create the container:

    ```bash
    docker build . -t qbicpipelines/cellranger:dev
    docker push qbicpipelines/cellranger:dev
    ```

5. If preparing for new release: bump to the desired pipeline version (`<version>`) and container tag (same as pipeline version)
in the `main.nf` manifest, `nextflow.config` container definition, and `ci.yml` GitHub actions workflow.
Then push the latest and release container tags.

    ```bash
    docker pull qbicpipelines/cellranger:dev
    docker tag qbicpipelines/cellranger:dev qbicpipelines/cellranger:latest
    docker push qbicpipelines/cellranger:latest
    docker tag qbicpipelines/cellranger:latest qbicpipelines/cellranger:<version>
    docker push qbicpipelines/cellranger:<version>
    ```

## Pipeline Summary

By default, the pipeline currently performs the following:

* Sequencing quality control (`FastQC`)
* single-cell data analysis with Cell Ranger (`cellranger count`)
* Overall pipeline run summaries (`MultiQC`)

## Documentation

The qbic-pipelines/cellranger pipeline comes with documentation about the pipeline: [usage](./docs/usage.md) and [output](./docs/output.md).

## Credits

> qbic-pipelines/cellranger was originally written by Gisela Gabernet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
qbic-pipelines/cellranger was originally written by [Gisela Gabernet](https://github.com/ggabernet).
```
